all right here we're gonna bake some
roasted garlic the way I like it
I love garlic to me it's roasted garlic
is the most delicious thing it's like
candy first I'll take my garlic clove
and I'll cut the tops off them want to
try to cut it evenly so when it stands
upright the olive oil and seasonings
will just soak right on in there you
turn it upright put it on a piece of
aluminum foil I like I prefer Italian
seasoning Italian seasoning mix I think
it's nice and sweet
once I saturate the top of it out pour
some olive oil on it
I like extra-virgin olive oil is what I
use for right on the top and hope that
I'll sink in at a very base of its that
the whole thing is covered with olive
oil extra virgin is what I like to use
and I'll take it and wrap it with
aluminum foil try to wrap it so when you
put it on the grill it's in the upright
position olive oil is so good it's
supposedly so good for your health
there're so many claims people make
about what it helps fights off disease
colds flus you name and I think you're
gonna find it somewhere where somebody's
gonna print that it's a healthy for you
putting it on the grill you got to be a
little bit familiar with your grill I
know that on this on the low setting and
which is about 400 degrees now put it on
there for about 25 35 minutes and I like
it a little sturdy if I wanted to spread
it on some bread I put it on there maybe
35 40 minutes the Lauren you keep it on
there too softer it's gonna be
I like to make it kind of just like this
where I could squeeze the bottom and the
whole clove will come out hope you
enjoyed this video
enjoy your garlic